This is the license of various files in the game Vegan on a Desert Island.
See here: https://github.com/vegan-desert-island/vegan-desert-island

GNU GPL v3: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt
CC BY-SA 4.0: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode.txt


Scripts under GNU GPL v3:                           Author
-------------------------                           ------
main.lua                                            Christopho
scripts/features.lua                                Christopho, Alex Gleason
scripts/game_manager.lua                            Christopho
scripts/initial_game.lua                            Christopho, Alex Gleason
scripts/multi_events.lua                            Christopho
scripts/menus/dialog_box.lua                        Christopho, Alex Gleason
scripts/menus/solarus_logo.lua                      Christopho
scripts/meta/hero.lua                               Christopho, Alex Gleason

Data files under CC BY-SA 4.0:                      Author
------------------------------                      ------
quest.dat                                           Alex Gleason

fonts/minecraftia.ttf                               Andrew Tyler: http://www.andrewtyler.net

languages/en/text/dialogs.dat                       Alex Gleason
languages/en/text/strings.dat                       Alex Gleason

maps/forest.dat                                     Alex Gleason
maps/house.dat                                      Alex Gleason
maps/outside.dat                                    Alex Gleason

musics/alex/desert.ogg                              Alex Gleason
musics/alex/rush.ogg                                Alex Gleason

sounds/diarandor/solarus_logo.ogg                   Diarandor
sounds/door_open.ogg                                Diarandor
sounds/message_end.ogg                              Diarandor
sounds/message_letter.ogg                           Diarandor
sounds/treasure.ogg                                 Diarandor

tilesets/indoors.dat                                Alex Gleason
tilesets/indoors.entities.png                       Alex Gleason
tilesets/indoors.tiles.png                          Alex Gleason
tilesets/overworld.dat                              Alex Gleason
tilesets/overworld.entities.png                     Alex Gleason
tilesets/overworld.tiles.png                        Alex Gleason

sprites/animals/mouse.dat                           Diarandor
sprites/animals/mouse.png                           Diarandor
sprites/main_heroes/alex.png                        Alex Gleason
sprites/main_heroes/alex.dat                        Alex Gleason
sprites/main_heroes/rachel.png                      Alex Gleason
sprites/main_heroes/rachel.dat                      Alex Gleason
sprites/menus/solarus_logo.png                      Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/solarus_logo.dat                      Olivier Cléro
